README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1><b>Hello React FrontEnd</b></h1><a name="about-project"></a>
</div>







<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Hello React FrontEnd ](#-hello-react-frontend-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Hello React FrontEnd <a name="about-project"></a>

> A basic React app that makes requests to our hello-rails-back-end App to display greetings.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> List of technologies used for this project

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- <details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details> -->

<!-- <details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

 <!-- <details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details> -->

<details>
  <summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Add greetings component**
- **Set up store and greetings slice**
- **Display a random greeting**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

- A web browser
- A code editor
- A terminal

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/hello-react-front-end.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:


```sh
  cd hello-react-front-end
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
  npm start
```

<!-- ### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```
rails tailwindcss:watch
control + c
rspec spec 
```
-->
<!-- ### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Luis Valera**

- GitHub: [@Luiscarlosvd](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd)
- Twitter: [@Luiscarlosvd29](https://twitter.com/Luiscarlosvd29)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Valera](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-valera-6a5749267/)

  
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Improve UI**
- [ ] **Add more functionality**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/hello-react-front-end/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project,please give it a ⭐️!


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse for giving me the opportunity to learn and grow as a developer and also I like to thank my family, they are all my support. 🌟

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add link to the backend repo at readme

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1><b>Hello React FrontEnd</b></h1><a name="about-project"></a>
</div>







<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Hello React FrontEnd ](#-hello-react-frontend-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Hello React FrontEnd <a name="about-project"></a>

> A basic React app that makes requests to our hello-rails-back-end App to display greetings.
>
> [Link to the BackEnd (hello-rails-back-end).](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/hello-rails-back-end/pull/1)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> List of technologies used for this project

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- <details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details> -->

<!-- <details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

 <!-- <details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org">Ruby on Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details> -->

<details>
  <summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Add greetings component**
- **Set up store and greetings slice**
- **Display a random greeting**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

- A web browser
- A code editor
- A terminal

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/hello-react-front-end.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:


```sh
  cd hello-react-front-end
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```
  npm start
```

**Note:** Make sure that the server is running on localhost:3000.

<!-- ### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

```
rails tailwindcss:watch
control + c
rspec spec 
```
-->
<!-- ### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<!--
Example:

```sh

```
 -->

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Luis Valera**

- GitHub: [@Luiscarlosvd](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd)
- Twitter: [@Luiscarlosvd29](https://twitter.com/Luiscarlosvd29)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Valera](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-valera-6a5749267/)

  
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Improve UI**
- [ ] **Add more functionality**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/hello-react-front-end/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project,please give it a ⭐️!


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse for giving me the opportunity to learn and grow as a developer and also I like to thank my family, they are all my support. 🌟

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
